hey guys I know I haven't put out
anything recently but hopefully I don't
know this the TR has been fun I've been
playing around on it for a while and
trying to find decent comps or people
who will stick with enough games that we
can get a comp down so it doesn't show
stupid mistakes and so far frosted night
warlock resto shaman has been my
favorite more or less because the frost
variant makes it really apparent these
switches and pressure and heaven flow of
the game that works out really well so
yeah but I mean the annoying part is it
is the tournament realm and because of
that my kicks almost never hit it's a
full half a cast before they actually go
up so it's almost always that I get
duped or not so I'm just pretty much
holding onto kicked the whole time and
kicking every couple so they don't be
comfortable with me not kicking and
that's about it as soon as I got the
hungry cold both lock and the shaman
trinket did or relatively soon after
each other and the robe did not he got
cleansed out of it and we've been
keeping dots off him right now we're
spreading his many deaths became to
everyone for the minute or so that
hungry colds down and spreading up
damage as Henry cold that comes back up
the pressure will come off but then we
can go into a single target and actually
in for a kill right now it's just a
matter of getting everyone low on
finding out what our good kill Tigers
going to be for now we're just training
the lock mainly because he hasn't gotten
really that many dots up or we're not
taking pressure from it because we're
putting out enough pressure as the
locker once goes down we're not working
too hard for the kill I style
strangulated up we're just using the
school or spell lock on cooldown trying
to control the Brogue I get hexed we've
gotten two trinkets so far this match
it's getting a little chaotic there's
the Rogues trinket so now we can finally
switch to the shaman if we really wanted
to but we do have CC on them right now
we just need to aim for the triple fear
if trimmers down so I strain to try to
pull him behind on pressure as the locks
peg goes down again mainly because of
dots and hungry or huiling blast i'll
hit it quite a bit as we get the lock
load once again these dogs are almost
fully clear on all of us I've got no you
a or no dodge just lock as one you a and
going off he jumps try to get safe and
now we do finally switched to the shaman
the Rogues on our shaman which they
haven't managed to recover from enough
pressure or the lock to build up enough
pressure as I got the cc's when who need
triple hunger and cold and we've just
managed to build up pressure you could
switch to the shaman and we have to
chase a little bit for the kill further
than I like to get but I have a killing
machine proc up so I'm not worried about
switching back to someone else the lock
did get full health off of probably sold
harvester drain life